I will say whatever length you would like, but I have said nothing this morning of every any kind on this
critical and important point to the situation.
Chairman, do I have a right to answer time?
I would appreciate your name.
I know whether or not answer time of a crime case, that the Mr. McCarty gets through is the answer that I will be allowed to proceed before the recess.
The chair of our under-sendman, and he is the president of the CIRP, I think Mr. McCarty has the point of place on television involved because thank you, Mr. Chair.
The personality involved this discussion at the moment, is that he is ready to be sending McCarty under and signed on a track.
The sound of the sound can get into it, I'm afraid it's going to be prolonged, but I will follow him after I conclude the send of McCarty.
Mr. Chairman, as the chair knows, the Attorney General, which is a place from the other place, the effect of this...
The executive has the soul of duty and right to enforce the law that is correct.
So, Mac, he apparently jumped the huge gap and said that therefore the Congress could not investigate whether or not they are badly enforcing that law.
But because they have the right to enforce the law on the duty, the Congress could not examine how they are enforcing it.
I appointed out Mr. Chairman previously that as chairman of the Investigating Committee, I have no choice.
Under reorganization act I have the duty to examine and expose any wrong-doing in the executive branch.
I have pointed out that you cannot hide the wrong-doing behind a stamp of secrecy.
And let's not bring Jager Hoover into this. Jager Hoover made no decision as holding up these documents to be made public, but was made by the Attorney General.
Let me finish, please. I have an interrupt, Mr. Tom.
I want to make it very clear that while I am chairman of the Committee, I will receive evidence of wrongdoing, wrath, corruption, racism, from any government employee who gives that to me.
I feel those government employees have a high duty to do that. They all take an oath as I recall to defend this nation against all enemies born and domestic.
I believe that will.
The power is far above any loyalty to a superior officer who might be jailed if they give us the files.
As I said before, back in 1924, we had a situation in which we were dealing with the prison with the chairman.
We were dealing then with the theft of money. The nation can recover from the theft of money but not some prison.
At that time, the Attorney General advised President Cooley not to allow the Congress to know what is going on instead of covering it up.
The President discovered that the Attorney General was involved in fires at Attorney General.
He told the Committee of Congress they could have all the information.
The chairman officer could testify that they did some of those chairman officers as they were called into jail.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do have a very serious problem here. I realize that the members of the Committee, the investigating committee, should have access to every piece of information in the file.
I think that should be the rule.
I have told the members that they could have complete free access to all the files that the Minority Council could have accessed all the files.
However, when Senator McClellan goes and as a member, as he speaks to the other members, he goes out and says there should be an investigation.
I have been guilty of a term and getting information about communist interest, information Mr. Chairman, which shows that the security department of the military has been one time and time again.
By a very competent FBI, the man guilty of a term, because I let the people know those facts, when I am confronted with the very serious problem of how I can do the two impossible tasks, number one, make all files, including the names of the informants available to the members of the Committee.
I might say that connection I never put the names of the informants in the files.
Number two, protecting the informants. I wanted to discuss that with my chief counsel today to find out whether or not the individual's name is in here gives their consent.
Also, as early as possible plan, I would like to have a meeting with the not-this Committee but my investigating committee, which is, frankly, the same, the membership and determine how we can iron out this problem in the meantime and the meantime may I say, John, may I say that you will not get the name of any informants.
May I say that I will not be the name of your informants.
Now you get away from the issue, you face it. Where is the agent? You said you did not ask the I to be brought into the forensic records.
Mr. Collier, who testified your own affair, was instructed by this committee to come tight, necessarily, by regarding the document.
Here is what he reported back to this committee on the road. Upon your instructions, I communicated with the FBI, expressed my desire to talk to Mr. Hoover.
In a few minutes or after Mr. Hoover called me on the telephone. He stated that the letter to General Bowling, January 26, 1951, was classified by the word confidential.
He does not feel that he has any life to discuss, be classified, or to discuss its contents.
That is from Mr. Hoover himself regarding the document that came in confidential here.
I hold in my hand a couple of letters from the tenant General Bowling.
Mr. Hoover, I dated May 13, 1954, just to the chairman of this subcommittee, an entity says, if the confidential classification of us, the I report, I never am, is not respected.
She is an irreparable mom who will be done to the FBI.
The copy of our meeting from a father-in-law left the chairman of the barricade, a letter of May 13, 1954, the northern one,
a father-in-law, Jr. to his Mr. Hoover's boss, who's on the stand.
So, if the confidential classification of us, the I report, some memories, does not respect it.
She is an irreparable mom who will be done to the FBI. I have argued many times, for his Mr. Hoover.
No, I don't know whether you must have suggested, but the president, because Mr. Brown, has taken this position, and Mr. Hoover takes this position.
I don't know what he means when fired, if they should be fired, or something done with them, as was done with one back in 1924.
May I say to you, Senator? May I say to you?
I'm trying to settle a basic issue of law. I'll award any of your confidential information.
All I want is left to confront and get this legal question settled so we can go, operate it in the law, if that's possible.
I say it for myself, you say what you'll do and what you'll unboot. I tell you, Senator, that I will not set myself up the law, then I'll park in the law.
I'll go into some form. I do the way you say.
Mr. Hoover, you're coming up to the chair.
I think the chair agrees to recognize Senator Simon's in next step before going so, as deciding as to Roger Dupes as the chair, he would again want to play out.
But none of the discussion which is occupied is for the last 10 to 15 minutes.
Has anything to do with an issue before this committee? The chair has already ruled and nobody has challenges ruling.
Any of the materials produced in evidence before these hearings becomes available to all of the members of this committee and to the staff.
The discussion we're having deals with, a different state is all together, a different committee.
A committee headed permanently by Senator McCarthy, and the comments from the Senate investigating committee.
The chair is agreed to get Senator Simon before so doing. He dismisses from the stand.
So the committee goes in.
The chair will be back by two o'clock.
Senator Sherwin, I'm here to take the corner.
Senator Simon's coming from above.
Senator, that's a personal participate.
For you along with the first answer, we say from the front of the phone.
I yielded the union senate with council and the chair.
Senator McCartney, I'm fine.
From you and your age, we tell others who that box of my two o'clock, you can deliver the material which is.
They selected an answer to our substitute points to be.
Mr. Chairman, may I first say that I think it might be well if Mr. Cohen will stay until we get through some points that I would like to bring up with respect to these files.
An off person to the matter that we're now discussing. I'll be very happy.
Hello, thank you.
Thank you.
I'm Senator Sunford from Mark and so.
And it deserves to be greatly to give you an argument here with the ranking Democrats member of my nut-be-getting committee.
I spoke with Dr. Longbury well for quite a few years now.
While the thunder was chairman, when I was ranked in Republican members, I was on the Chuck T right of time this summer.
The senator has quoted to one of Brown now that he says that you can't be classified in the public and the FBI.
Well, there's something about a question I'll recall a length.
I would like to call the senator's attention to the facts that from Mr. Brown now made a speech out in Chicago,
claiming a did spy and then when he was criticized and accused of not telling the truth, the truth of lying,
he made the file of the public.
The secret file, he declassified.
And I don't put a sign for doing that.
I think those files were made public long before that. He didn't give them any informants.
Now, my position is that if a Attorney General can declassify a document to expose a dead spy,
then he should declassify the document to expose living spies.
The message of the senator, I know we've got a very naughty problem here,
if we can talk about violating the law, setting yourself above the law,
there's no law that prevents our getting this information.
So they're going to me say this. If there's presidential directions,
one I think mistakenly may, one way may.
I don't think this kind of risk is bound by any presidential directive of secrecy.
When Truman, uh, Logan's blackout order in 1948,
which protects the other Algiers, Hissons, and the government,
I thought he was making a serious error.
When President Eisenhower, whom I respect, great place,
uh, had his pictures of the order which went far beyond the Truman order,
I thought he was making a video there and I thought he was not quite on the billet.
May I say Senator, just for your benefit,
I am not setting myself above any law.
I think I have an oath as a senator, an oath as the chairman of an investigating committee.
That will lengthen to me to get information of wrongdoing in government.
I feel that there's no vow of direction of any kind,
which can say that as chairman of the committee, I must not do that.
Now if the Congress passes the law on the president's hands,
saying the chairman of these investigating committees must not get information of wrongdoing,
the American people must not know what's going on,
the American people must not hear of reasons,
they must not hear of grafts or uptops.
If we pass that law,
and it's made of all the weather, there's nothing I can do except the bite-size.
But, Senator, I just will not abide by any secrecy directives of anyone.
I think you and I have, and we will see President come and go.
So, Senator, we will, we will, we have a duty,
including we have a duty, we have a duty to do our job,
even though we may differ,
with a perfectly honest version of the president thinks his job is.
But, we may just look that way,
and that's what I think the American people in doubt are our children.
Whether you either the president's right,
that's what I'm trying to find out.
If it didn't say I'm trying to put you in jail,
I'm asking no such thing.
I don't care if I'm saying it out.
No one's afraid of the out-of-the-mode or the end.
I know, but the point I'm making is, Jo and you know it.
We'll reach the course rules in this thing.
And we're entitled in the course of these hearings now
to have this thing settled if there's any way to settle it.
On that fall, I will.
But first of all, as you have to mention the powers
of the Dr. Lutha, ladies and gentlemen,
there's a very high specification
he's holding Mr. Lutha.
Back then, he put a home abust in the foot of the FBI.
The other thought that the condense
is a two-on-four-page resort.
Well, now we have to say that to you,
you've ought to mess about by and out of this folding and dead column.
Well, I, I, I, I, I ask you,
not six to four-borrowed questions.
After hearings, there's a member that's permitted.
Just what public-wonders maybe he has in mind to serve by doing so.
I've never gotten an answer here.
I'm a new government, gentlemen.
I, I may agree with you back there.
But we've passed the call shows now
in committee investigations
and in the administration's position.
And I'm simply doing nothing.
I don't just keep all your information
and bring your head in somewhere else for once there.
Now, she won't stay in that room.
You know, I've answered.
I've watched a several of these eight-year-old
at his vital eye-cancel to the security of his nation.
From you, from the Federal side.
I'm a fundamental scientist.
I can, but we'll, I'm sorry, but we will speak.
So this is this quarter, the legislative quarter.
A plan is to all investigation.
In order to respond, but there are two people in government
who get together and can thrive.
Others for draft stuff and one of you.
They can't be called upon to testify.
Wouldn't draft a million effects
just in the work of all investigating committees.
I'll, I'll reach two, seven, or any special way you should.
I'm going to see if we can agree.
But in the meantime, you just believe
that the high floor and force today can see our worst government
and the federal division on its face.
And I think we invited Adam Chettos.
Well, whether anybody goes to jail or not,
I am not concerned.
But I am concerned.
Both of us, I believe,
that gives the fallacy of power.
That you advocate.
The never-centered type of law.
Another gentleman of humility has that law.
I'll vote for me, we can maintain.
The security system that now has been in both venues.
Security of Trump, I have to put back this one.
Well, I don't think that who was the vote for.
And those vote for, I think it would be.
I'm ready for me to be right.
Who's going to let you down?
I'll say it now, it's quarter to one.
He promised, I'm going to sign in sometime and soon.
If he's just going around as well.
Getting in, I just saw a fool.
I recognize him.
And if he's first on it, he's well-rescuing.
He's resuming, he's going to say something.
Which is only critical as under McCarthy.
If he does, he'll recognize under McCarthy.
If he's too many, it's only at the end of two minutes for the judge.
And will recess at noon.
It's our time.
But, gentlemen, I, I am, he will be ready.
He's not about the chair when he gives.
If he's too many, it's under McCarthy.
But, gentlemen, have I now got the floor?
We have the floor.
Well, I'd like to have a date for lunch.
Yeah.
The chairman had a very, uh, a GUA of, uh,
belonging to hearing agenda.
I must say my admiration for his operation is only seated by something else.
I'd like to say Mr. Cohn's going back on the train and has the, gravitate, agreed.
I could shorten up and, uh, have nothing that would interest Mr. Cohn except then.
And the right way, therefore, he'd like to have Mr. Cohn leave, that's all I would make.
Mr. Cohn, would you like to, uh, make Mr. Cohn the way, Mr. Sharon?
Yeah, I'd like to have Mr. Cohn, he's going to discuss this in the box.
I have no going to it, so, sir.
Why, I only, sir, I know it's in this box.
I know it's in the chair, sir.
I have only the talk with, uh, the chairman of the committee about it.
Chair also be happy to listen to McCockey, but he won't go.
Mr. Chairman, first I was, uh, uh, uh, make a point that never would have wanted to serve on this committee in the beginning.
I was never accepted.
I membership point, if I have not felt that everything that was available to the chairman and the majority of the committee was going to be made available to me.
Now there's been quite a lot of trouble, uh, recently about talking over the airways to people, about giving information when they think the government is not operating properly.
And as I said last week, and say a game, in my opinion, this is very dangerous.
We've gone back to bed, we've gone back to 1924.
I'd be willing to go back to that a dictatorial and say that I hope that everybody remembers that there can be traders in the military establishment in this country.
I'd like to urge everybody who is listening to this television to follow the rules, with the rules, the relatively simple.
Just a man in the Air Force believes that this graph, the corruption, in his superior officer, he can immediately go to the officer superior to him.
For example, a captain, if he believes his major is wrong, he can go to the Colonel, or he can go to the officer special investigation run by a great young general, and he can complain directly there.
As a matter of fact, the officer special investigation is put around the country so that there would not see any effort on his part at the very adjacent, the same thing is true in the Army.
The captain or Sergeant or a private field, if there's a superior officer or anybody else, is acting in properly, they can go around.
They're normal supervision, and go to another officer.
Or in the case of the Army, they can go to G2, which is also around the Army, and in the case of the Navy, they can go to the office of Naval investigation directly at headquarters or through one of the many branches that are established.
For just that purpose, in the case of graphs or corruption or unfair treatment, it's important that they do it in the case of subversion or disloyalty.
This would be even more important.
That is the pattern which worked for the last 150 years in our government.
It did pretty well in many wars, including World War I and II, and I would urge that they do it that way and know what a way.
Now, finally, if they feel that the entire establishment, military establishment under their secretary and their chief of staff and the secretary of defense and the commander in chief, is just no good, and if they should correct that, then they can go to either the problem of justice or to the federal bureau of investigation and they can make their charges there.
So they have at least four definite steps set up where their charges can be made without going out of the executive branch.
And then, of course, the executive branch to side, whether or not that should be given to the legislative bodies or the legislative body can ask for it.
I am not protesting about anybody giving any information anywhere, but I do think that it ought to be done on the basis of the laws of the land.
Now, with respect to these files, Thursday afternoon, we were told that the Democratic members of the committee that it was their responsibility after the crash letter was introduced to know what was in the files.
And our council asked that he be seen the files on Thursday.
He was told that the files in question were not in the normal files and that therefore they could not be seen at that time.
On Friday, there was a great deal of testimony because now we are back on the question of these charges.
On Friday, there was a great deal of testimony as to whether or not the improper questions which the Army said were utilized with respect to private chimes were justified.
And the witness made his statements that they were justified based on committee business.
It was then requested that the files be turned over to committee council.
That was refused by Senator McCarthy without Suspina.
There upon a Suspina was issued between lunch in the lunch period on Friday to get the file at the time it was issued and it was served.
Senator McCarthy told the persons who served it that he would not honor it.
We then went ahead to the best of our ability on Friday afternoon to find out what was in the files to verify the statements made by the witness as to what private chimes was doing when he was off of the base on the various times that he was allowed to leave with the premise that he was going to do committee business.
We did not get anywhere on Friday with respect to that.
So Saturday morning, the minority council went to the committee and asked to the committee chambers and asked that he be allowed to see the files in question.
And he was told at that time that neither he nor any members of the committee and it's my understanding not Mr. Jenkins to counsel for the committee could see the file.
So since then, we've had one, two, three, three days passed since the last request.
And I'm, I say, Mr. Chairman, but I think that there's an extraordinary interest in not showing these files considering the importance of the files with respect to the information and the whole basis on which the hearings are being held.
Chair recognized on the mic, right? If the two minutes, if the end of two minutes, the time people will notify the chair, the chair will notify the audience, we'll meet you until two o'clock.
And I'm, I don't stand you demean and I'm after this long day of time, but the chair arbitrarily gives me two minutes to answer.
So they have a much argue for you, too, and just, the chair will recognize this experience as a past, as this call up we can go on endlessly.
I think you were the democating message for your message. I think we've been covered in two minutes, Mr. Chairman.
I don't want to name new two minutes rule, so I am only to the center of Wisconsin.
There's a five minutes to speak, yes, and two minutes to recognize you in a few minutes.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, this is plenty of Mr. Simon to keep information about wrong doing graph corruption, secrets in the Congress.
He put them in the department of so fantastic, so dangerous.
Well, I'm going to ask the young man who has done a great job of prosecuting criminals to try and answer, I think the two minute rule is unreasonable, but I'll yield a two minute to Mr. Cohn.
Sir, I can't possibly answer in two minutes. I need a little bit more, sir, and I think it's important that I think we'll be unfair to us.
So let Mr. Simon can stay and stand over the lunch hour when some of them, sir, I suggest they're not so.
You might proceed to what you can do in two minutes.
And I'll, I'm just a minute now, but...
...for all of you say something to say because I made or not so. Let's start right there. What is it that I said?
I'd like to start. I saw it very hard to say to the fact that I was given them, and if they're incorrect, let's get to two minutes.
I thought I'd say...
Right, sir, and that's why I have... I think the Simon to Simon knows I've always had a great deal of respect from.
And that's why I was very sorry to hear him say what he just did.
I believe Simon to Simon can say that, and I thought he was addressing this to me, that we're trying to keep these strong facts as there's a reluctance in our plot, and the fact is to be interpreted in some way as bearing on the issue of what Dave Shine was doing when he was supposed to be working on Simon's business.
I know.
I want to be allowed to say that I wasn't arcing in remarks, especially as because of your great southern hungers, you wanted to leave as soon as he finished it.
Sir, I have no idea. I care for Lee's in the next place, as he has said before, he wants to reiterate now so there's no mistake about it, so none of this fall, if we have anything whatsoever to do with any issue of the bloody committee.
I'd specifically call the inquiry.
I have any relevance to the issue.
I'm in charge of the issue.
I'd specifically disagree with that. I think the question of the file, and when we have claimed the file, and why we waited for Dave for the file to enter the testimony, is it close to anything that has ever come up in this hearing with respect to the charges in hand.
Certainly.
I'm in charge of the fact that I'm not going to win this interview because you've got to gavill and you've got to chair, and therefore I will be ready to go to lunch.
Chair would simply like to say, very clearly again, there's no argument about these files, whatever is the medical committee is to all members of the committee.
I'll ask this to Mr. Cohen because Simon is an interviewer, and Simon is an interviewer.
When he was trying to answer him, he believes now he's been titled a make-your-reflight without a deduction.
However long it will be at which time we shall reach it.
So it won't be long, and I hope I'll never say anything in the subject again, and I want to say I don't mind being interrupted by Simon's in any time, if he feels I'm not making an accurate statement.
On the issue here, sir, I think Simon's in his name, and I hope, and I will always tell him the truth.
I have sworn under oath, and other witnesses will do likewise.
But when they shined without working on committee visits, that's what he was doing.
He was not in Florida, he was not in the stock club, he was working on some committee visits, and the army has produced not one word to show he wasn't before they can.
Now sir, I have my testimony, and I'm open to cross examination on that in full detail, and I want to make it very clear.
But in any request I have amazed, I have never abused my oath of office and my obligation to this committee.
As far as the files are concerned, there is no reluctance on my part in producing them.
I am anxious to produce them, to show the committee the amount of work, and I think a number of members know about it, that they've shined did well and did for nothing for this committee, and work which he did, and a very limited period he had when he was in the army,
getting up early, doing his basic training, and at the same time, after hours, instead of recreation and other things, giving his time to this subcommittee.
Now sir, the final thing I wish to say is this.
I've heard a name here at the Grace Field this morning, which means a good deal to me. That's the name of John Etgo Hoover.
And the work I've done, in Communism, the work I've done with boy, some of whom are in this room, will prosecute at these cases, or spies, the Rosenberg case, the Remington case,
the U.M. cases, and the others along with me, there is one man above all of us, whom we worship, and that's J. Etgo Hoover, because over a period of years and years, long before it was the popular thing to do, that is a man who has been the leader, and the spearhead of the fight against communist infiltration in our government, and in this country, and it is when the report prepared under the direction of J. Etgo Hoover has been ignored by government agencies,
and by the head of those government agencies. It is when that situation arrives that without the work of congressional committees such as this,
Alger Hitz and William W. Remington, to my personal knowledge, would not be in jail today.
I work on the Remington case, sir, as a member of the Executive Branch, as a member of the Department of Justice.
In I know, sir, that that case was broken by this very committee, because Remington's superior is ignored, FBI report, and then had it not been for this committee, this communist spy that never has been exposed.
I know, too, sir, that Alger Hitz, that not be in jail today, or not for the work of a congressional committee.
I know, too, sir, that Edward Rothschild, who is in both the Fifth Amendment, as the weather and not he is a communist, SB&I agent, will still be handling the secrets of this committee,
will still be excuse me, will still be handling the secrets of the government printing out, will still be handling classified work from the Army, the Navy, CIA, and other states,
unless Senator McCarthy and Senator Dirtian had come back to Washington during the summer, and received information from people working in the government printing office who knew that the FBI report was undoubtedly for stamps of secrecy, had been violated and ignored over a period of years.
Unless Senator McCarthy and Senator Dirtian had gotten that information and done that job, this man who was a Fifth Amendment communist and a Fifth Amendment spy, would say this very minute, be working in handling the secrets of this country and the government printing out.
I never before, sir, from a fair level saw any conflict between our duty and the duty of the executive.
I understood the duty of this committee to be that of stepping in, where, and I'm sure the instances of you, the executive might fail to act on FBI reports and things of that kind.
In a very limited way, sir, our staff has tried to carry out that duty. The staff are handfuls, a handful, sir, of hard working boys who work day and night.
Up again, probably hundreds and thousands of people who work over in the Army and in other places, this handful of people, this handful.